{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red40\green82\blue135;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18500\viewh14760\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 README:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
This application gives the real time weather information for the cities.\
\
App includes following features:\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 A] FIRST LAUNCH\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 1) When app is launched for the first times, it shows the weather information for 3 static city array \{ Brisbane, Melbourne and Sudney\}. It fetches the data from the web-service.\
2) The fetched data of the 3 cities is saved in the Core Data. Next when app is launched after sometime, it checks the Core Data first. If records present in the CD, it loads from CD.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 B] ADD CITY USING SEARCH\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 1) You can add any city by searching its name.\
2) A web service for that particular city name is called. After fetching the response the data is inserted in the Core Data\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 C] CORE DATA Features\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 1) Save/ Insert record\
2) Update a particular record\
3) Delete record\
4) Fetch all records\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 D] BACKGROUND FETCH\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 1) Have set the minimum
\fs26 \CocoaLigature0 BackgroundFetchInterval to 5 mins for testing purpose\
2) To test it on the simulator - >\
    Edit Scheme: Run -> Check \'93Launch due to background fetch event\'94\
3) Fetched all the records from the CD. If no records present then there will be no background fetch\
4) If CD returns an array: Call fetchWeather web service for each city in the array.\
5) When the response is received update the record in CD for a particular city\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 E] USER NOTIFICATIONS\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 1) When background fetch\'92s response for each city is recieved, check the new info with the old info.\
2) If the weather description is changed and if new weather info\'92s description is changed to Heavy Rain/ Thunderstorm the schedule a UserNotification.\
3) This UserNotification will have information which tells that this city\'92s weather has changed.\
\
\
// Guideline Review changes to by Nikhil: \
1) changed the constant file -> included structs for the constants\
2) changed the enum having static let to cases\
3) 
\fs28 CityTemperatureListTableViewController -> 
\fs26 Removed the dictionary logic. now loading the data after checking the count of the array. If its three load else wait. For me-> removed updateDataSource method and dictionary and showResponse\
4) removed type aliases and wrote closures as part of web service call\
5) Removed all \{ parenthesis. Updated it to as octet for if-else, switch and function definitions\
6) changed bool names\
7) control flow changes . for eg : 
\f1\b\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 if 
\b0 \cf0 view.enabled && !view.hidden \{ \} 
\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 bad:  
\f1\b\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 if 
\b0 \cf0 view.enabled == 
\b \cf2 true 
\b0 \cf0 && view.hidden == 
\b \cf2 false 
\b0 \cf0 \{ \} 
\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 \
\
\
 \'97 map : loops over a collection type and carries out the same operation to each element in the collection}